# Capstone Project Proposal

1. My website will be a movie database, similar to IMDB, where users can find information on movies. Users will also be able to create an account, like and dislike movies, and share with their friends the movies they have watched recently along with what they thought of them.
2. The kind of users that will visit this site are people who love movies, and love talking about movies.
3. My website will use a database of movies and their associated information. Should be able to access information for the cast of each movie and a plot summary. It should also contain biographical information for actors.
4. To start this project, I would build the movie database part first. To do this I would user Flask routes and connect to my chosen API. This would involve creating separate web pages for all of the movies in the database, as well as pages for actors and any other information that might be helpful to access. The second part of building this project would set up the user side, adding login/logout and user profile pages. I would add user information to my own database, and then work on building a user feed where users can select a movie and share that movie along with their thoughts on it. The feed would also include posts from other users that a user follows. A logged in user should be able to like or dislike other users posts. Stretch goals I have are to add a movie saving page, where users can save movies that they want to watch later, and take them off of the list once they have seen them. I would also like to add a rating feature for movies, without having to create a post. A user could select a rating and each movies page would have a separate page where users could see the average rating from all users, as well as posts other users have made about that movie.